On-Chain Foundation (OCF) aims to automate and decentralize charitable givingand fund development within the digital asset ecosystem. We are building asystem top to bottom that will serve as a foundation for executing individualized and corprate philanthropic objectives, while providing a simplified path to incorporating digital assets as funding sources for non profit organizations regardless of size or budget.
In the past 10 years, we have experienced the emergence of an entirely newclass of donors, whose giving power lies in the form of digital currencies and NFTs, providing an unprecedented opportunity for non-profit organizations totap into new funding sources.  OCF plans to serve as the go-to platform for non-profit organizations tosolicit and receive digital asset donations. The functionality of the protocol will consist of two phases of development.
Phase One: 
Providing a basic introduction to the digital asset ecosystem and unbiasededucational resources for integrating crypto currencies into their existingbanking and accounting structure. In the past 10 years, we have experienced the emergence of an entirely newclass of donors, whose giving power lies in the form of digital currencies andNFTs, providing an unprecedented opportunity for non-profit organizations totap into new funding sources.  OCF plans to serve as the go-to platform for non-profit organizations tosolicit and receive digital asset donations. The functionality of the protocolwill consist of two phases of development.  Phase IOnboarding Non-profit Organizations intothe Digital Asset Ecosystem
Providing a customizable donor-facing page and giving features fororganizations on the OCF platform. The ability to automate and create customizable tax receipts and thankyou communications to donors.  One time, minimal registration fee. All other fees will be incurred by the donor.
Phase 2 Facilitate opportunities for organizations to partner with charitable NFTprojects so that NFT projects users know that they actually are donating impactful money. Opportunities to submit RFPs for multi-year funding through OCF’s pooled impact fund initiatives.
We've seen automation of savings, lending, and borrowing financial instruments-providing tremendous opportunities for more efficient financial services. Withsuch rapid technological advancements, we have yet to provide more efficient charitable planning financial instruments within the digital asset ecosystem. Inthe traditional financial system, investors have opportunities to transfer non-cashequivalent assets to charitable giving vehicles, such as donor-advised funds,charitable giving annuities, individual foundations and so on. These instruments,absent in the current digital asset ecosystem,  provide advantages in tax andestate planning, while pursuing philanthropic strategies that bridge communityneeds with personal philanthropic goals. On the donor side, OCC addresses these inefficiencies by providing a newcharitable foundation model within the digital asset ecosystem.
OnChainFoundation.com will be the home platform where all organizations onour ecosystem will be listed. Enabled by Chainlink Keepers, OCF is an open-source system that automates the exchange of any erc-20 donated token toUSDC USDT and DAI, then deposits them into an organization's preferedwallet.The On-ChainFoundationWallet will be set up to only receive USDC, USDT, DAI,& ERC-20 tokens. Beneficiary organizations will be required to use a Multi-Signature Wallet to withdraw funds to avoid liabilities such as fraud, moneylaundering, and extortion. The Multi-signature wallet withdrawal process willfollow a structure comprising of 1 signature for withdrawals from $0-$500, 2signatures for withdrawals $500-$5000, 3 signatures for withdrawal$5,000-$25,000, and for $25,000+ withdrawals we require 3 signatures fromthe charities and 2 sig from OCFp admins to quantify what they are using thedonation for. Zero Knowledge Proofs will generate automated receipts withoutthe need for the protocol to store private user data.
How it works, OCC will utilize Proof of Reserves to validate the amount of funds locked inthe OCF Pool and use deep liquidity Decentralized Exchanges to facilitate the sale of erc-20 tokens. For example, OCFp receives a predetermined gift of an erc-20 token from a donor to their desired non-profit organization.
The OCFp then sells it on a deep liquidity defi-protocol to USDC/USDT/DAI and finally will transfer the converted capital directly to the predetermined charities wallet all on chain to be seen on a blockchain transaction viewer.Our receipt generation protocol uses ZKP (Zero Knowledge Proofs) togenerate automatic receipts based upon the amount donated.
